An Tong, don't you explain what happened yesterday?
What do I have to explain?
Did you call Gao Yu?
Do you want the whole world to know?
You are a cheating man and you question me
I am treating others in the way of others
ANTONG
How can you let me go?
You should ask Lin Yue this sentence, right?
He won't let me go
Xu Zeyu, think about it
Is Li Yue really what you want?
How is he better than me?
He doesn't even have a job.
Just your salary
Can you support him?
You think about it.
Who is your best choice?
Brother Xiaoyu
Tired
What's wrong? Are you unhappy?
Jade
I don't think we are
So impulsive
Did An Tong say something to you?
Brother Xiaoyu, I can also go to the company to help you.
Believe me, I'm tired.
I'm going to rest first
Let's talk tomorrow
Ah!
An Tong, I won't lose this time